Hello.  In today's video we are going to talk
about HDFC Ergo Optimus Secure Plan vs ICIC Low LBA Elovate Plan.  So do watch the video till the end.
Because in this video I have covered the
eligibility criteria, basic
features, optional riders, discounts,
waiting periods and finally the
premium of the plan.  If you
watch this entire video, I guarantee that
all your doubts related to both the plans will be cleared.  And you will be
able to decide
which of the two plans will be suitable for you in
terms of premium and in terms of
features.  Before starting the video, I
am Sony Chauhan.  Welcome to your Financial Advisor
Policy Hub YouTube channel.
If you have
not yet subscribed to our YouTube channel, do it quickly.
So that you guys get the right
infection at the right time.  Talking about the eligibility criteria of Optimus Secure
vs Elevate plan, the
entry age of an adult is 18
years to maximum with no age limit in both the plans.
If I talk about the entry age of children in Optima Secure,
they are covered on a floater basis with the family from 91 days to a
maximum of 25 years.
If
I talk about the Elevate plan, then under that plan the
child remains covered with his parents for a period of 91 days to a maximum of 30 years.
Both the plans
are available on your individual basis and also on family floater basis.
If
I talk about the policy tenure, then you can pay maximum premium of one year, two years and three
years in
both the plans.  If
we talk zone wise, the company has divided the Optimus Secure plan
into two zones.  That
is tier one and tier two.  If we
talk about the Eluvet plan, the company has
divided it into four zones.  That is
Zone A, Zone B, Zone C and Zone D.
If we talk about sum insured, then sum insured ranging
from Rs 5 lakh to
maximum Rs 2 crore
is available under Optimus Secure Plan.  If we talk about the Elevate plan, then
in that plan the company provides you
sum insurance ranging from Rs 5 lakh to a maximum of Rs 1 crore,
which the customer can choose according to his need.
If we talk about the basic features of Optimus Secure vs Elevate plan, then
your inpatient
hospitalization up to sum and shsh is covered in both the plans.
That is, if a person is hospitalized for 24 hours or
more, then
whatever treatment expenses he will incur during that time, be it
his room rent,
ICU charges, doctor fees,
nursing charges or other medical
expenses.  All those expenses are
covered up to sum and short in both the plans.  If I talk about room limit, there
is no restriction of any kind in both the plans.  You
can take any category of room in case of
emergency.  If I
talk about ICU charges, then there is no limitation of
any kind regarding ICU charges in both the plans.
Whatever expenses
arise, the company will cover them up to the sum in cash.
Talking about pre and post hospitalization, the
company covers
medical expenses before admission and after discharge.
If I talk about Optimus Secure Plan, then the
company covers you for 60 days in pre-hospitalization and the
company covers you for 180 days in post-hospitalization.
If I talk about Elevate Plan, then
in that plan the company
covers pre-hospitalization for 90 days and
post-hospitalization the company covers 180 days.
If we talk about day care treatment, then
your day care treatment is covered up to sum and shot under both the plans.
That is, those surgeries, those
diseases for which we do not need to be hospitalized for 24 hours.
All diseases like stone, cataract etc. whose treatment is completed in less than 24 hours are
covered up to 5 in 1 shot under both your plans.
Talking about domiciliary hospitalization,
your domiciliary
hospitalization is also covered under both the plans.  Up to some in
shot.  That is, if the condition of the person is not such
that he should be taken to the hospital or a
bed is not available in the hospital, then
in that case the patient can also get his treatment done
at home under the supervision of an MBBS doctor,
all the expenses of which will be covered by the company up to the
sum amount.  But
in case of domiciliary hospitalization, it is compulsory to take treatment for a minimum of 72 hours.  Only then will the
company cover all his expenses.
Talking about home care treatment, home care
treatment facility is
available only under your Optimus Secure plan.
In case of home care treatment, you
can also get treatment at home and the entire
cost is covered by the company up to a sum in short.
Home care treatment is
not available under your Elevate plan.  Next is your
organ donor.  If we talk about organ donor, then in
both the plans, the
company covers all the expenses up to sum in short in case of organ donor.  This
means that if there is
ever a need for organ transplant in the future, the
company also covers the treatment expenses of that person.
Plus,
the
company covers up to the entire cost of surgery of the person who is donating the organ to them,
under both the plans.  Talking about road ambulance, there
is no restriction of any kind regarding road ambulance.  Under both the plans, the
company provides coverage of up to some amount
in case of road ambulance.
Talking about air ambulance, air ambulance
facility
is available only under your Optima Secure plan.
This benefit is not available under the Elevate plan.
Under the Optima Secure plan, you can
use air ambulance facility up to Rs 5 lakh.
In case of emergency.  Second
Medical E Opinion.  This facility
is also available only within your Optimus Secure plan.  This
benefit is not available in the Elevate plan.  Under this, the company has
some 51 listed critical illnesses.
If any of those diseases
is diagnosed and the person
wants to take an opinion.  If you
want to take a second medical opinion,
you can also avail e-opinion benefit once a year under the Optima Secure plan.
Next is your restore benefit.  Restore
benefit is available in both your plans.
Restore means that if the base sum
insured is exhausted due to any illness
and the same person or other
family member gets hospitalized again in the same year,
then the company provides a claim again equal to the base sum insured.
Under the Optimus Secure plan, the company gives you single
time restore benefit.  If
I talk about the Elevate plan, then in that plan the
company provides you unlimited time restore
benefit.  Next is
your Plus benefit.  Plus benefits are
available only under HDFCO Optima Secure plan.  Under this, the company provides you a bonus of 50%
of the sum insured
every year which increases up to a maximum of 100%.
Whether there is a claim in your policy
or not.  That means, if someone has
taken a policy of Rs 10 lakh and continues his policy for two years
with Optima Secure Plan, then
his coverage of Rs 10 lakh will become Rs 20 lakh.  The
bonus they will receive here will be fixed for life.  This
means that there will be no
impact of any kind on their bonus after making the claim.
The bonus they have received will be
fixed for life.  Along with this,
in the Elevate plan the company provides you no claim
bonus.  This means that
in a claim-free year, you get a bonus of 20% of the sum insured,
which increases to a maximum of 100%.
Here also the bonus you
get will be fixed for your lifetime.  This
means that if you make a claim, it will
not impact your bonus.
Next is your secure benefit.  The Secure
Benefit
is available only within your Optima Secure plan.  In which the
company provides you extra coverage equal to your base sum insured.
For
example, if someone has taken a policy of Rs 10 lakh and has
chosen Optima Secure plan, then
in that case the company will provide him double coverage from the same day,
that is, coverage of Rs 20 lakh in a policy of Rs 10 lakh from
day one.
Next is your Super Secure benefit.
You will
get this benefit only in Optima Secure plan.
This benefit is not available in the Elevate plan.
Under this, the company provides 200% extra coverage of your base sum insured
from the same day.  To avail this benefit, the
sum insured should be Rs 10 lakh or above.
And if the person is paying the premium for 3 years
together then only that person can
avail the Super Secure Benefit.  For
example, if someone has taken a policy of Rs 10 lakh
and has paid the premium for 3 years together,
then he will be secured for Rs 30 lakh from the same day.
In which there will be a base policy of Rs 10 lakh
and super secure benefit of Rs 1 lakh.
Talking about robotic and modern treatment, there are no restrictions of any kind in both the plans.
All the
robotic surgeries and all your
modern treatments are
covered by the company Up to Sum and Shush under both the plans.
Next is your consumable benefit.
You will get this benefit only
in Optima Secure plan.  This means that the
Optima Secure plan covers all your non-
payable items like gloves, PP kits,
syringes, masks, sanitizers etc.
up to a sum of Rs.  But
consumable items are not covered under the Elovate plan.
Next is your bariatric
surgery.  Bariatric surgery
is also covered up to sum and short under both the plans.
Talking about AYUSH treatments, the company provides up to sum and sash coverage for all your treatments like Ayurvedic,
Unani, Siddha or Homeopathy
in both the plans.
Next is your inpatient
treatment for surrogate mother.  This facility
is available only under your Elevate plan in which the company provides you coverage up to Rs 5 lakh.  Along with
this
is your inpatient treatment for oocyte
donor.  The company also covers its expenses
only in the Elevate plan in
which the company provides you coverage up to Rs 5 lakh.
Next is your
wellness program.  This benefit is
available only under the Elevate plan,
where you can avail a discount of up to 30% at the time of renewal.
If you
complete your daily steps on a regular basis or maintain your good lifestyle, then on
that basis your
discount of up to 30% is calculated
which you can avail on renewal.   There is
no copayment of any kind in both the plans nor is there any submission of any kind.
Whatever the expenses are, the company
covers up to some amount.  And talking about TPA,
both the plans do your in-house
claim settlement.  So let us now
talk about Optimus Secure Plan
vs Elovate Plan Optional Rider.  The
first optional rider of HDFC Ergo Optimus Secure
is My Health Critical Illness Rider.
If you add this rider to your policy, then the
company has listed some 51
critical illnesses.
If any of those diseases is diagnosed, the
company pays a lump sum amount to that person
at the time of diagnosis.  The second
optional rider is My Health Hospital Cash
Benefit Rider.  By choosing this rider, you
can avail hospital cash benefit under your policy.  In which the company provides you hospital cash benefit options of Rs 5000,
1500, 2000, 2500, 3000, 5000, 7500 and
10000.  The
third optional rider is the
Aggregate Deductible Option in which the company
provides you deductible options of Rs 25,000, Rs 50,000, Rs 1 lakh, Rs 2 lakh, Rs 3 lakh and Rs 5 lakh.
In this, if a person
adds any deductible option in his policy, then he will have to
bear the deductible amount of the first claim of the year
and the rest will be settled by the company.  For
example, if someone has taken a policy of Rs 10 lakh
with Rs 25,000 deductible and let's suppose
his claim is Rs 2 lakh, then the company will
settle his amount of Rs 175,000 and
deduct Rs 25,000 and this deduction will be applicable only
in the first claim and not in all the claims.
Fourth is your unlimited restoration.
By adding this benefit, you
can add unlimited restoration to your policy.   The
fifth optional rider is Individual Personal
Accident Rider in which the company covers your
accidental death, permanent partial
disability and permanent total disability.  The
sixth optional rider of Optima Secure is Optima Well
Being Rider in which the company gives you unlimited
time in clinical consultation facility.
Your telecons provide unlimited time.
Unlimited time: You
can take online fitness classes and
also avail the benefit of home sample collection.  Along
with this, if you get the
test done through these panel network providers, then the
company gives you a discount of up to 50%
and
if you purchase medicines etc. through them, then the
company provides you a discount of up to 20%.  The
seventh optional rider of Optima Secure Plan is ABCD
Chronic Care.  In this, if a person has
any problem like asthma, BP, cholesterol or diabetes before taking the policy
and he mentions it in the policy, then
normally the company
imposes a waiting period of three years on it.  But a person
can reduce the three-year waiting period to 30 days by taking ABCD Chronic Care Rider.  The eighth optional rider is
Limitless Benefit.  If you add this benefit
to your policy, the company
gives you the opportunity to claim an unlimited amount once in your entire lifetime.
For example, if someone takes a policy of Rs 10 lakh
and after 2 years his first
claim is of Rs 50 lakh, then the company will
settle Rs 50 lakh in one shot.  The
last optional rider of Optima Secure is the
Parenthood Rider.  If a person
adds a paternity rider to his policy, the
company covers his maternity
expenses.  In maternity, the
company covers their prenatal expenses,
postnatal expenses and delivery expenses.  Along with
this, the company also covers their
infertility coverage i.e. IVF
expenses.
Worldwide coverage where the company covers your maternity
treatment, IVF treatment and embryo
freezing expenses up to Rs 1
lakh.  If we talk about the optional riders of the Elevate plan, then the
first optional cover is
your Infinite Care in which the company gives you the opportunity to claim an unlimited amount
once in your entire policy lifetime.
For example, if someone has taken a policy of Rs 10 lakh
and his first claim is
of Rs 20 lakh, then the company will settle his Rs 20 lakh in one shot.  The
second optional rider of the Elevate plan is the Power Booster Rider
in which the company provides you a bonus of 100% of the sum assured.
Whether there is a
claim in your policy or not, the maximum amount will
increase up to your unlimited sum and shot.  The
third optional rider is the Jump Start
Benefit, in which if a person has any problem like
hyperlipemia, hypertension,
diabetes, asthma or obesity before taking the policy, in
which the company normally
imposes a waiting period of three years.  But
if a person
adds the Jump Start benefit to his policy, he can reduce the
three-year waiting period for his pre-existing disease to
30 days.  The
fourth optional rider of the Elevate plan
is the BeFit Rider.  If a person
adds the Benefit rider to his policy, the
company covers his OPD expenses.
As you can see on the screen, the
company has categorized Bifit into Plan A, B, C,
D, E, F & G. The
company will cover your OPD expenses according to the plan you choose.
Fifth Optional Rider Here is your Claim
Protector.  If you add this rider to your policy, then
the company will cover all your non-
payable items, which we
also call consumable items like gloves, PP
kit, syringe etc., all these expenses will also be
covered under your plan.  The sixth
optional rider is your inflation
protector.  That means, if you add this rider
to your policy, then the company will
increase your coverage in the medical line by the same percentage every year as your inflation rate increases.  The
seventh optional rider is domestic
air ambulance cover.  This means that if you
add this rider to your policy,
you can also use the air ambulance facility on a yearly basis
in case of
emergency.  The eighth optional rider is your
Convalescence Benefit.  If a person
adds convalescence benefit to his policy, the
company gives him a benefit of up to Rs 20,000.
If a person is
continuously hospitalized for 10 days or more,
then in that case the company
pays him a lump sum amount of up to Rs 20,000.  The
ninth optional rider is your
nursing at home.  If you add this benefit
in your policy, then the company
provides you nursing facility
at home in which the company provides you the benefit of Rs 2000 per day and
maximum 10 days nursing at home
facility.   The
10th optional rider is your compassionate visit.
That is, if a person goes to
another state or city for work or for the purpose of travelling
and his health
deteriorates there and he has to be hospitalised in a life-threatening case, then
in that case, if a person is continuously hospitalised for 5 days or
more
and someone from his blood relation goes to
meet him from his family
by air or by train, then the company will cover his
travel expenses up to Rs
20,000.  11th Optional
Rider Your Health Checkup Rider.  If a
person adds this rider to his policy, the
company provides him a health checkup benefit of 0.5% and a maximum of Rs
5000.
That too on a cashless basis.  The 12th
optional rider is your Critical Illness
Rider, which covers some of the 51
critical illnesses listed by the company.  If any of those 51
critical diseases is
diagnosed, the company pays them a
lump sum amount.  In this, the company
provides you up to sum insured and maximum coverage of Rs 50 lakh
in case of critical illness.  If
a person wants to avail this benefit, then his age should be
50 years or less than 50 years, only then that
person can add this benefit in his policy.  The
13th optional rider is your
Personal Accident Rider in which the company covers your
Accidental Death, Accidental Permanent
Partial Disability and Permanent Total
Disability.  In which the company
provides you sum insured and maximum coverage up to Rs 50 lakh.  If a
person wants to add this rider in his policy, then only if
his age is 60 years or less than 60 years, then
that person can
add this rider in his policy.  14th Optional
Rider Your Voluntary Copayment Rider.  If
a person chooses a co-payment rider in his policy,
then the company puts a condition in the
policy that whatever co-payment
percentage you have chosen,
you will have to bear it yourself in every claim and the rest will be
settled by the company.  In voluntary copayment, the
company provides you voluntary copayment options of 10%, 20%, 30%, 40% and 50%.
15th Optional Rider Your Dependent
Accommodation Benefit.  That is, if a
dependent person is hospitalized, then
in that case the company provides him a cash benefit of ₹1000 per day and a
maximum of 10 days.  The
16th optional rider is your
Durable Medical Equipment Rider.  If you
add this rider to your policy, the
company provides you sum insured and maximum
coverage up to Rs 5 lakh.
In the case of durable medical equipment.   The
company will cover the expenses of durable medical equipment like seep machine, beep machine, ventilator, wheelchair etc. up to Rs
5 lakh.  The 17th optional rider is your
teleconsultation.  If you add this rider
to your policy, you can
avail unlimited time telecons benefit in a year.  The
18th optional rider is Maternity
Expenses in which the company
imposes a waiting period of 2 years and covers three benefits.  In
which the first is your
maternity expenses in which the company provides coverage of
10% of your sum insured and maximum up to Rs 1 lakh.
Second is your
newborn baby cover in which the company provides
twice the coverage of your maternity coverage
in case of baby.  And third is
your first year vaccination expense.   That
means, whatever vaccination expenses the
baby incurs in the first year, the company covers 10%
of your sum insured and maximum
vaccination expenses up to Rs 10,000.  The 19th
optional rider is your room modifier in which the
company provides you three options.
First is your Any Room option.  Second is
your twin sharing room option and third
option is your 1% of sum insurance for normal
room and 2% of sum insurance for ICU.  So
you can select any of these three options.
So let us now talk about
Optima Secure plan discount
vs Elevate plan discount.
If I talk about discounts on Optimus Secure, the
first discount is your loyalty
discount.  That is, if a person
is already an existing customer of HDFC Ago, whether
he has a motor insurance or any
other insurance whose minimum premium
is Rs 2000 or more than Rs 2000 and
in that case he is also taking a health insurance policy from
HDFC Ago, then the company
provides him a loyalty discount of 2.5%.
Second is your long term discount
in which if a person is paying 2 years premium
together then the company
gives a discount of 7.5% and
if he is paying 3 years premium together then the company
provides him a discount of 10%.  The
third discount is your family
discount, in which if a person
takes a multi-individual policy in a single policy in
which two or more members are
included, then in that case the company
provides them a discount of 10%.
If I talk about the discounts of Elevate Plan, then the
first discount is your civil
discount in which the company provides you up to 15%
discount on the basis of civil.
Second is your long term discount.
If a person has paid the premium for 2 years together, then there is a
10% discount on the second year premium and if the premium for 3 years is
paid together, then there is a
15% discount on the second and third year premium.
Talking about the waiting periods of Optimus Secure vs Elevate plans, the
initial waiting period for both the plans is
30 days.  Talking about the specific disease waiting
period, in both the plans
you have a specific disease waiting
period of 2 years.  Talking about the pre-existing disease waiting
period, both the plans have a
pre-existing disease waiting period of 3 years.
And in case of maternity also, the
company imposes a two-year waiting period on you in
both the plans.  If we talk about the
premium of Optima Secure vs Elevate plan,
here I have shown the premium calculation
on the basis of two adults and two children at the age of 35 on the
sum and shot of 10 legs.  And
I have shown zone wise premium of both the plans.  As
you can see on the screen.
If we talk about Zone One under HDFC and Optimus Secure Plan, the
premium is Rs 30456.  And
if I talk about zone two, there
is a premium of Rs 26300.  If I talk about Elevate Plan
in Zone One, then the company
's premium there is Rs 17751.  In zone two
you have a premium of 16054.  In zone three
you have a premium of 15206.  End zone four has
your premium of 19871.  The
premium you see on the screen is
excluding GST.  So from here you
can compare the premiums of both the plans.  I hope
all your doubts and differences related to both the plans will be cleared
through this video.  If you
want to see both these plans separately,
then separate videos of both the plans
are also available on our YouTube channel.  You
can watch separate videos of both the plans by visiting our YouTube channel.
If you still have any doubts or
queries, please
message us in the comment section or you will
see our email ID and contact details on the screen.
From there you can coordinate with us directly.
If you are looking to get a fresh health
insurance policy or
want to upgrade your existing policy or
want to get better guidance then do
not forget to coordinate with the Policy Hub team and
if you like my videos then do
like, share and
subscribe to our YouTube channel and keep
showing your love so that
we can keep bringing more such informative videos for you.  I will
meet you in the next video.
Thank you.